DOCSP-13845 crud update arrays (#77)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/crud/write-operations/embedded-arrays.txt

> ===========================

Reviewer: consider adding a ref target here. See https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/125-MvuDr66EIUgb3bVWCX3Uh2Jj2MkM8kM0iM_JoOuA/edit#slide=id.g62b8cdf916_1_127

Update Arrays in a Document
===========================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

Overview
--------

In this guide, you can learn how to update array elements in a document.

To update elements in an array, perform the following actions:

> - Provide an :ref:`update document <update-document>` specifying the update *(not discussed in this guide)*

Reviewer: couple of notes:

- I think you can remove *(not discussed in this guide)*. This is implied by the link to another page.
- End each of these list items with a period (per style guide: https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/style/lists/#list-items)
- clarify the gerund per https://docs.mongodb.com/meta/style-guide/writing/clarify-gerunds-participles/
```suggestion
- Provide an :ref:`update document <update-document>` that specifies the update.
```

- Specify which array elements to update
- Perform the update using an update operation with these specifications

Sample Data
~~~~~~~~~~~

To run the examples in this guide, load the sample data into the
``tea`` collection of the ``quantity`` database with the following
snippet:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/CRUD/updateArray.go
   :language: go
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin insert docs
   :end-before: end insert docs

.. include:: /includes/fundamentals/automatic-db-coll-creation.rst

The following examples use the ``FindOneAndUpdate()`` function to

> retrieve and update a document, and to return the state of the document

Reviewer: you don't need the comma here. The second clause is a dependent clause. See https://www.grammarly.com/blog/comma-before-and/.
```suggestion
retrieve and update a document and to return the state of the document
```
